README
Jessica Lichter, Patrick Butler
~ Improvements ~
Jessica Lichter
1.   For part 1, the weights in my steering behavior were 0.8 for pursuing,
10 for separation, 0.2 for cohesion, and 0.4 for alignment. Originally
I wanted to have the weights add up to 1 but, after tinkering with the original
flocking, the heavy separation looked much nicer. The angular weights are 0.7 for aligning
with the flock and 1 for facing the lead boid they are pursuing. 

2.   Part 2 was a bit more difficult. the first runthrough (in terms of flocking) 
was better, and i may tinker with it more in the future to get better results. But since i spent
so much time on the weights, i was hesitant to change the behavior to be more like part 3.
     In this part, I used the collision prediction algorithm from the book to do the Collision 
Prediction (P button) part of the path following. For the cone check, i did the cone check algorithm
from the textbook and incorporated the dynamic evasion algorithm. All the path followers flock and 
use the cohesion, alignment, and separation algorithms. 
     If nothing is active, the the flockers path follow with a weight of 0.7 for path following, 
5 for separation, 0.5 for cohesion, and 0.25 for alignment. The angular is an even weight of 1 for 
path following and aligning. 
     If there is a collision detection with cone check only, the weight is 1 
for cone check, 1 fo separation, 02 for alignment, and 0.1 for cohesion. 
     If there is just collision prediction,the weights are 1 for collision prediction, 0.95 for 
path following, 5 for separation, 0.6 for cohesion,and 0.2 for alignment. This required a greater 
separation and cohesion weight because collision prediction had a bigger impact on the linear, causing 
the flock to easily fly away and bump into each other. 
     If both were active,the weights are 0.7 for collision prediction, 1 for path following, 6 for separation, 
0.5 for cohesion, 0.2 for alignment,and 1 for cone check. If cone check was not detected, the weights were 
0.9 for path following, 5 for separation, 0.5 for cohesion,and 0.2 for alignment. If the collision prediction 
was not detected, the weights were 1 for cone check, 1 for separation, and 0.2 or alignment.

3.   For part 3, i used 3 rays, tinkering around with the angles. In straight ahead in the direction of the 
agents alignment, one at a 30 degree angle (35 for following flcokers) to the left of the agent's alignment,
and one at a 30 degree angle (35 for following flockers) to the right of the agent's alignment. This would 
allow for the agent to avoid straight collisions and, when turning around corners, to steer to a new direction
that would avoid awkward bumping and allow the agent to detect collisions at a slight angle.

~ Known Bugs ~
Part 2: flocking is a bit finnicky. flockers seem to separate more when near path points towards the wall.
Part 3: some runs look amazing, others ... not so much. will probably have to redesign behavior blending, weights,
and components of the algorithms for this and part 2.

I tried to keep the code commented and somewhat organized, sorry if its a bit messy. I put a lot of time and energy
into this and am willing to improve it more! - Jessie 